Version (#497)
STORM-IRIT/Radium-Engine: CMakeLists.txt

option(RADIUM_GENERATE_LIB_ENGINE     "Include Radium::Engine in CMake project" ON)
option(RADIUM_GENERATE_LIB_GUIBASE    "Include Radium::GuiBase in CMake project" ON)
option(RADIUM_GENERATE_LIB_PLUGINBASE "Include Radium::PluginBase in CMake project" ON)

> option(RADIUM_TOUCH_VERSION           "Touche version file each time the project is compiled" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(RADIUM_TOUCH_VERSION           "Update version file each time the project is compiled (update compilation time in version.cpp)" ON)
```
